Wget is the non-interactive network downloader which is used to download files from the server even when
    the user has not logged on to the system and it can work in the background without hindering the current process.
1.what is primary storage, secondary storage and cache storage.

a.Primary memory is a computer’s memory that is accessed first or directly by a processor or computer.
  It enables a processor to access ongoing execution apps and services temporarily saved in a specified memory.
  The term “primary memory” may also refer to “primary storage” or “main memory.”

b.Primary memory is the volatile storing mechanism of a computer system.
  It may refer to random access memory (RAM), cache memory, or data buses, although it is most often connected with a computer’s RAM.

c.Primary memory loads all running programmers, including the basic operating system (OS),
  user interface, and any user-installed and running software utility, as soon as a computer boots up.
  When a programme or application is launched in the main memory, it interacts with the system processor to complete
  all application-specific tasks. Secondary memory is said to be slower than primary memory.

d.Cache memory is a tiny sort of volatile computer memory that stores frequently used computer
  programs, applications, and data and offers high-speed data access to a CPU.
  The cache is temporary memory storage that enables data retrieval to be simpler and more efficient.
  It is the computer’s quickest memory, and it is usually built into the motherboard and immediately incorporated
  into the processor or primary random access memory (RAM).

e.Cache memory decreases the average time it takes to access data from the Main memory.
 Te cache is a smaller and speedier memory that stores duplicates of data from frequently accessed central memory locations.
 A CPU has several caches that store instructions and data.

f.Secondary memory or peripheral storage is non-volatile and persistent in nature and
  is not directly accessed by a computer/processor.
